[mysterious music plays]
[intriguing music plays]
THE WONDERFOOLS
EPISODE 8
THE GUARDIANS OF HAESEONG CITY PART 2
[music stops]
[preacher] Kim Pal-ho. our holy shepherd.
was unjustly martyred.
[crowd wailing]
[tense music plays]
What do we do. Eun Chae-ni?
The world's… gonna end.
I might be a broke loser.
but I'm also a husband. and a father!
The head of my family.
Cheong is so young.
She's only 14 years old!
If I knew the apocalypse
was really coming.
I would have gone into debt
to buy her a new CD player. [cries]
Okay. so why are you crying?
Just explain that to her.
But what would that do?
The whole world is ending!
They're Wunderkinder. and we're nothing
but defective products.
You're right.
Telling her wouldn't change
a single thing.
But right now.
we gotta shine up our shoes.
It's time to dance.
What?
Huh?
[gasps]
[footsteps shuffle]
[tense music builds]
[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
[Chae-ni grunts]
-Oh shit! Okay.
-[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
[Chae-ni] Uh. hey. stay back!
Stay back!
I'll slice you in half!
She'll slice you in half!
-They call me Train Wreck!
-And I'm Nightmare!
[Chae-ni grunts] Stop!
-Go away!
-Stop!
[Chae-ni] Hey! Hey! I mean it.
Stay back!
Eun Chae-ni.
could you take us somewhere else. please?
Yeah. that would be good.
Except that I think I ate the last pack
of coffee stuff to save Ro-bin. though.
[whimpers]
Oh!
I wish I could say goodbye to my wife
and daughter. I won't see them ever again.
It's okay!
Don't try to comfort me!
[Gyeong-hun sobs]
[melancholy music plays]
They're all that matters.
They're the reason I work so hard.
day and night. my whole life.
And what do I get in return?
Is it my fault
I got laid off in the crisis?
Could have I done anything about that?
I'm a victim of circumstances here!
Why the hell am I the only one
treated like a loser?
How about some respect?
Is that asking too much?!
[music stops]
[air rushes]
[papers rustle]
[rock music plays]
That's an improvement. isn't it?
That was getting noisy.
Don't take him seriously.
He gets upset. and then he's fine.
Maybe he could be a bit less conceited.
[music fades]
SON GYEONG-HUN
MOON MI-HUI
[cries]
[Gyeong-hun sobs]
Chae-ni. you little shit.
All right. guys.
Who's gonna come at me first. huh?
The hotteok lady?
Maybe Mr. Heo from the corner store?
I'm ready for ya. so watch out!
You're coming with me. You hear me?
And if you lose your right hand
in the process.
who's gonna flip the hotteok. huh?
Oh.
Grab her.
Oh! Wait a minute!
Huh? Get back!
Hey! Don't you dare touch me.
Shit! Too many! Shit!
I'll hurt you! [screams]
Let go. goddamn it! Stop it!
What the hell? Let go!
[screams]
No! I'll kill you!
[tires screech]
[rock music plays]
[glass smashes]
They're non-believers!
Protect our temple!
[yells]
[music fades]
[loudspeaker screeches]
[all groaning]
[screeching stops]
She's my granddaughter!
Get away from her right now!
Grandma. is that you?
Eun Chae-ni?
Grandma. you're here!
Oh! Take this from me. It's my Eunie!
[Chae-ni cries]
Oh. my girl!
[laughs]
[Chae-ni cries]
Oh. look at that face.
You look just disgusting.
[spits]
Oh. Grandma. you look worse than I do.
When's the last time you slept. huh?
Look at how dark your eye bags are.
You need to slow down!
[both laugh]
[woman] Do you own the Hearty House?
[Jeon-bok] Huh?
Oh goodness.
What are you doing here?
[crowd murmuring]
[unsettling music plays]
[gasps]
It's you.
I thought you went to see your mother.
Why choose us?
Why were we the ones you stole
to experiment on?
No particular reason. to be honest.
It all began with the trivial human desire
to live longer and longer lives.
to one day live forever.
It's the way of the world.
What may seem like a… great feat
usually has. at its heart.
nothing more than shallow greed.
foolish envy. and. of course.
our need to feel important.
Put simply. children were
the best subjects for our experimentation.
And you happened to be
one of the ones we got.
That's it.
There is no meaning or reason.
None at all.
Life is governed by coincidence
and trivial. insignificant desires
until we return to the void.
Trivial?
So. all of our suffering
doesn't matter to you?
Out of 72 children.
50% manifested.
but only half of those
ever actually did anything special.
And in only one.
we discovered the Heart of Eternity.
With that. we had the result
we'd hoped for.
That's when I had an idea.
If we increase
the number of test subjects. well.
wouldn't our success rate
for Hearts of Eternity
remain consistent?
What exactly does that mean?
[unsettling music builds]
[dramatic music plays]
Hold on. Are you going to give that drug
to all of Haeseong-si?
God has always brought forth destruction
and chaos in order to birth new life.
I see.
You really are crazy.
[tense music plays]
What about all the children who died?
Out of the 78 children.
half of them died
without manifesting anything.
And then there were the ones
who did manifest.
but died from the physical mutations.
What about all the innocent kids
who died from that drug?
[somber music plays]
You'd be willing
to sentence an entire population to death
on the chance you might have
one successful outcome?
It's not the people who die
that change the course of history.
It's the survivors like you.
[exhales] You're more evil than I thought.
Bring the Child of Eternity back to me.
Together. we'll create a new order.
A new world without the sorrow of death.
[sighs]
[Won-do] Ko Eun-san.
you are the next stage of evolution.
I kept thinking about it
on my way over here.
Could I do it?
Could I actually bring myself to kill him?
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
What a shame.
I was always very fond of you.
[music fades]
[gasps]
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[gasps]
Father…
[somber music plays]
[wheezes]
[Won-do sputters]
Oh my God! [gasps]
[wheezes]
[indistinct muttering]
[music fades]
Sensei's in trouble.
Grandma.
-I need you to take care of things here.
-What is it? Where are you going to go?
I'm not sure if this is gonna work.
but here goes nothing.
Uh… Send me to Sensei.
Please…
Come on!
[breathes heavily]
[heart beats]
[gasps]
[Chae-ni] Holy shit. it's hot!
What the hell? Huh? [yelps]
[Chae-ni yelps]
Sensei! Sensei!
[screams]
[coughs]
Is that you?
[intriguing music plays]
Okay. no. That's not the right face.
What about this one? Let me see.
Oh. That's not the right one either.
I'm looking for someone else. Sorry.
Oh. Sensei?
[groans]
[man] Help me.
Sorry. I'm looking for Sensei right now.
I'm sorry.
Ah. shit.
[music stops]
[crowd gasp]
[rock music plays]
[Jeon-bok] You're back!
[air rushes]
He's hurt.
[gasps]
Where are you?
Ow! Shit. that's hot!
Sensei!
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
[music stops]
Eunie. you've done enough. I called 911.
They're coming.
An ambulance is on the way.
I don't understand.
Where did he go?
I couldn't find him.
[cries]
[coughs]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[Ju-ran breathes heavily]
[machine beeps]
I'm here.
Father. can you hear me?
[Ju-ran exhales]
[breathes heavily]
[machine beeps intermittently]
[machine beeps continuously]
[machine beeps once]
[machine beeps intermittently]
[Ju-ran breathes heavily]
[machine beeps continuously]
[somber music plays]
[breathes sharply]
[cell phone buzzes]
Hey there.
Yeah. we'll be in Haeseong-si
in 15 minutes.
Okay. good.
Make sure you follow the plan.
Don't let anything go wrong.
I know you can do it.
Ju-ran.
is everything okay?
[Ju-ran] Yeah.
Everything's fine.
When is Pal-ho supposed to get here?
[Ju-ran] Pal-ho won't be able
to make it. Ho-ran.
But I'll send someone else.
Who?
[music fades]
[strains]
[panting]
[breathes heavily]
[unsettling music plays]
[bars sizzle]
[breathes heavily]
[gentle music plays]
Sorry about leaving you.
[3972] Mister!
Please open the door!
Hey. Mister! Mister!
Let me out!
[voice fading] Come back! Open the door!
I never forgave myself.
I wanted to make it right.
I finally opened the door.
You're free now.
Go live a long life.
See?
[music fades]
[unsettling music plays]
[Ju-ran. echoing] 3972.
Listen to me.
3972.
[music fades]
-Okay. Thank you.
-Grandma.
One of the believers here
said two big container trucks
left for the city a few hours ago.
What were they carrying?
I don't know anything about that.
I saw them leaving
early this morning. That's all.
Huh? Nightmare said it was a drug.
He told us all about it.
He said they're gonna spray it
all over Haeseong-si!
[ominous music plays]
-Should we tell the police?
-Don't bother.
Byeong-jin. the chief. is already
under the control of the Church.
Pathetic little shit.
I think I'd better meet with the mayor.
[Ju-ran] You don't want to do that.
[congregation whispering]
[woman] She's here.
Are you another one of the kids?
Mind if I look at your injury?
[Jun-mo] Don't move.
[dramatic music plays]
Hey! Have you lost your mind or what?
What the hell is that?
Come on now.
It's me you're after. Not Grandma.
You wanna mess with my family?
You're such a coward. Get out of his head!
Now that my brother is gone.
and my father. too…
I want you to see how it feels.
No!
[tense music plays]
Wait here for her.
As soon as you see her.
shoot her.
[air rushes]
If you don't wanna die. better run!
[dramatic music plays]
I said run!
[Chae-ni laughs]
Chae-ni. you're taking no bullshit today.
Yeah!
[laughs]
Now. look out!
-Hey!
-[man 1] Get her!
Look out. Chae-ni's got wheels!
[man 2] Go! She's stopped.
Get her out of there quick!
[music stops]
[grunts softly]
[groans]
Ah. good morning. [lip trills]
[bird coos]
[screams]
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
[marching band playing]
[man] Hey!
Strike!
[woman laughs]
[man] One more time.
[Mr. Yang] Oh. ho. you look great!
And good job! Hey. keep it up!
[Mi-hui] Cheong!
Is Dad back yet?
[chuckles awkwardly]
Don't worry about that now.
[Mi-hui laughs awkwardly]
How dare he not come home last night?
He's gonna find himself divorced
if he keeps this up.
You want to get a divorce?
It's all right. my sweet girl.
Focus on your rehearsal.
It's all pretty exciting. isn't it?
[laughs awkwardly] Stand up straight.
You look fantastic!
[loudspeaker blares]
Your attention. everyone!
Just for a moment. thank you.
Hi. Thank you all so much
for your hard work.
It's really paying off!
Ah. yes. Mr. Mayor. Hello. sir.
[Mr. Yang chuckles]
Ah. the parade will begin
at exactly 11 o'clock
and is scheduled to last 55 minutes.
Uh. just to confirm.
the order is as follows.
First. the flag bearers will lead the way.
then the marching band is second.
Then. up next.
the Changwon Samulnori Troupe
will get us going.
-[Gyeong-hun] Everybody. run!
-[Mr. Yang] Something like that. right?
-What's going on?
Cancel the parade! We have to evacuate!
Listen to me!
Stop what you're doing.
Get out of here! You can't stay here.
-[Mr. Yang] Wait. hang on!
-It's dangerous. [gasps]
Uh. what? What did you say?
[Mi-hui] Hey. honey. What are you doing?
You're here?!
-Oh my God.
-Moon Mi-hui. it's you! Oh. honey! Honey!
-What?
-What are you doing here?
Cheong! Sweetheart!
You're here too. Cheong!
We can't stay here.
Come on. we have to get outta here!
I'll explain on the way. Let's go!
What's wrong with you?
Why are you acting like this?
You're embarrassing us.
I know. but I'm telling you. we're all
gonna die if we stay here. Let's go.
Come on. Right now!
Stop that!
You know how long
she's been looking forward to this?
She's representing her whole grade.
not just her class.
Did you know that? I'm sure you didn't!
Listen to me. That doesn't matter
right now. We're gonna die!
We're all gonna die!
[crowd gasps. murmurs]
When the clock strikes 12:00.
everyone here is gonna vanish
in an instant!
Listen. if you don't stop
being so embarrassing.
you really will see us vanish.
You won't see either one of us ever again.
-[Gyeong-hun] Moon Mi-Hui!
-Let go of me!
-Leave me alone!
-You've gotta listen.
[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
-I think--
-Mr. Yang! I'm begging you!
Please tell everyone here to evacuate.
It's that Church of Eternal Salvation.
Do you know
what they'll do to Haeseong-si?
Yeah. I do.
[tense music plays]
How could you?
They donated 100 million won
for this festival.
Thanks to them. not only were we able
to get a giant version
of our mascot. Yang-soon.
but also a huge fireworks show
at midnight. Ha. ha. ha!
But that's a cover. Don't you see?!
Who the hell donates that much money?
Please! You have to evacuate!
You're hurting me! Enough!
You reported seeing a crow
that blinked sideways like this.
and a giant carp that winked at you.
and you blamed them both on toxic waste.
Now the Church of Eternal Salvation
is behind it all?
-Yes. that's right--
-Whatever floats your boat. but not here!
You should file a complaint.
which you know how to do.
and refrain from this kind
of disruptive behavior.
We're all here
to celebrate the new millennium.
and I will not stand
for anyone raining on our parade.
And to think
your daughter's even a flag bearer!
-[whimpers]
-[man 1] Give it a rest.
[man 2] Go call the police. Bother them.
He's always like this.
Nightmare hates it when anyone's happy.
[Mr. Yang] Hey. hey.
let's all just move on. okay?
-Uh. get back to rehearsing.
-[woman] Remember that?
[Mr. Yang] Everyone. I'll take care of it.
I understand. Don't worry about it.
Cheong.
[somber music plays]
[man 1] Watching her father
raving in the street like that.
-[woman] Exactly. I know. Look at her.
-[man 2] She can hear you.
She's right there.
[music fades]
[yelps]
[Ro-bin exhales]
Are you okay?
[gentle music plays]
[sighs]
[running footsteps approach]
Chae-ni.
[panting]
Sensei's gone. your grandma isn't here…
What are we gonna do?
What do you think?
We're all going
to ring in the apocalypse together.
[sighs]
What would you rather do?
Run away instead? You can do that.
But I can't very well leave Mi-Hui
and Cheong behind. can I?
[sighs]
[gasps]
Chae-ni. any ideas?
I just realized
I never got
to take any pictures with Sensei.
Are you serious?
The world is ending.
and that's all you're thinking about?
They're going to poison Haeseong-si!
Every single person here
is going to be wiped out all at once.
And we're the only ones who know.
And there isn't anything
we can do about it. Why?
Because no one believes us.
And why is that?
We're nobodies who mean nothing.
[sighs]
[music fades]
REWARD GRAPES
GREAT JOB
-First. we'll stop the trucks.
-What trucks?
The ones loaded with the drugs.
They're in Haeseong-si.
We just have to figure out exactly where.
What's their target?
[Gyeong-hun] Oh my God. of course.
They'd go where the biggest crowd
will be gathered all together. Right?
[suspenseful synth music plays]
And where is that?
-Where is that?
-[Ro-bin] Sorry. excuse me!
-[Chae-ni] Hey. move! Out of the way!
Why are there so many people?
-Move! Coming through! Sorry!
-[Mr. Yang] The mascot. Yang-soon!
-Yang-soon. everyone!
-Who wants a Yang-soon T-shirt?
Hey. isn't that Chae-ni?
[Chae-ni] Huh? Oh. hey.
Have you seen Church of Eternal Salvation
trucks around here?
No. we haven't.
Ah. shit. You!
You all have to get away from here!
As far away as you can!
Or you'll die! Everyone!
-What?
-Why would we die?
[Chae-ni] Get out of here!
-She was joking!
-Hey. try this piece. it's so gross.
What about this truck?
Whose truck is this? Huh?
The Church of Eternal Salvation?
What's in here?
-[man] What's she doing?
-Damn it. Not this one. Carry on.
-[woman] Hello there!
-Okay! Jeez.
Who are you?
Hey!
-[Gyeong-hun whimpers]
-What are you doing?
Mr. Hyung. you have no idea! [groans]
Okay. I could--
I touched them. I did. okay?
But only because
there's something really--
Yeah. yeah. sure.
You look like you just got out.
Now you're casing my truck?
-Get the hell outta here!
-You can't judge a book by its--
-Whoa! Hey!
-You've got no idea what's going on!
-You better run!
-I'll get you!
-You got your ass handed to you already?
-[Ro-bin] Ow!
I'm gonna keel over.
[tense music plays]
It's no use.
We'll never find them like this.
We have to save everyone.
Why do we have to take responsibility for
the lives of people we don't even know?
That's true.
We shouldn't have to save
anyone we don't know.
Okay. good.
Thing is. we know everyone here.
[music stops]
Look around.
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] This is so nice.
isn't it? [laughs]
-We know literally everyone here. See?
-Look. it's perfect for a present.
-[man] Help the less fortunate.
-So what now?
-Hello.
-[Ro-bin] Hi. how are you doing?
Good. and you?
This is great. isn't it. Ro-bin?
[Ro-bin] Happy new year!
I mean. how do we know so many people
when we don't even have any friends?
[groans] Oh. come on. quit whining.
Get back to it. Let's do this.
Come on! There's no time!
-[Ro-bin groans]
-Huh? Go! Go on!
[whimpers]
[marching band plays]
-[woman 1] Look!
-[woman 2] It's starting! Come on!
The parade's coming.
-Look. They're coming!
-Oh!
-Over there!
-What is it?
What? Oh. I can't…
Cheong.
ADIEU 1999. TOWARD THE YEAR 2000
A NEW MILLENNIUM. A NEW HOPE
MILLENNIUM GRAND FESTIVAL
HAESEONG 2000
-[laughs]
-Hi!
[laughter]
Woo-hoo!
-[music continues in distance]
-[Ro-bin] Wait up!
-Hurry up. Ro-bin.
-Wait for me!
-[Chae-ni] Oh my God!
-You're too fast.
Come on. move it.
-[Ro-bin] Oh!
-What?
[Ro-bin gasps]
Sensei. is that you?
How did you get out of there?
Are you okay?
Oh. thank goodness!
I'm so glad you're safe. Sensei.
I knew you'd make it.
I just knew it! Yay! [laughs]
[Ro-bin yells]
[coughs]
[Ro-bin groans]
-Oh. Sensei.
-Sensei?
Why'd you do that?
[ominous music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
My whole life. words have always hurt me
more than anything.
I've never been so angry in my life.
You know that?
[Un-jeong] There's nothing you can do.
[Ju-ran] So make your peace with it.
[marching band playing lively tune]
Oh. there she is. I finally found her.
Hey. Cheong!
Cheong!
There goes my little angel.
I'm the luckiest guy.
You keep going. Cheong.
Don't worry.
I'm going to stop what's coming.
-[Mi-hui] Who are you talking to?
-You scared me!
[Mi-hui] How about
you stop blocking the road?
If we want to be able
to see the fireworks. we should go now.
-We can't go see the fireworks.
-Not again!
-Please. listen!
-Stop acting crazy. and let go of me.
The fireworks.
[Gyeong-hun] It's that
Church of Eternal Salvation.
Do you know
what they're gonna do to Haeseong-si?
Yeah. I do. They donated
100 million won for this festival.
Thanks to them. not only were we able
to get a giant version
of our mascot Yang-soon.
but also a huge fireworks show
at midnight. Ha. ha!
That's how they're going to do it.
Right above our heads. all at once.
[ominous music plays]
Bang.
[crowd clamoring]
[dramatic music plays]
[gasps]
Cheong!
Sweetheart!
Honey!
-Mi-hui! Honey! Are you okay?
-Oh my God!
-Are you hurt?
-Where's Cheong?
[Gyeong-hun] Cheong! Cheong!
-No! Stay there! We're coming!
-[Cheong] What's going on?
[Gyeong-hun] This way. Over here!
-[Cheong screams]
-Are you okay?
Okay? Let's go. Now! Go. go. go!
This way. Come on!
[Mi-hui screams]
-Go. now! This way. Over here!
-[Mi-hui] Honey!
[Gyeong-hun] Go inside!
Let's go. Hurry! It's okay. Go on. Inside.
[Ho-ran] What?
It started already?
She said she was sending someone else.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music fades]
What's the matter?
Are you mad at us or something. Sensei?
Just tell us what we did.
It's that girl.
She's inside his head.
using him like a puppet.
The sad-looking one.
She did it to Jun-mo. too. and forced him
to threaten Grandma with a gun.
Really?
[tense music plays]
Oh. sh…
[dramatic music plays]
[Chae-ni grunts]
[Ro-bin] Chae-ni!
[groans]
[groans] Sensei…
[Chae-ni wheezes]
[Chae-ni gasps]
[loudspeaker blares]
[loudspeaker powers down]
[chokes]
[bones creak]
[gasps]
[chokes]
[Ro-bin] Sensei!
Chae-ni!
[grunts]
[music fades]
[breathes heavily]
Chae-ni?
[Chae-ni chokes]
[Chae-ni gasps]
[Chae-ni coughs]
Wake up. Choi Un-jeong!
[breathes heavily]
It's Lee Un-jeong.
-[gentle music plays]
-[sighs]
I really thought
that I was gonna die back there!
How come you were choking me so hard?
I almost passed out!
[music swells]
[Chae-ni] Hm.
[distant clamoring]
[tense music plays]
[ominous music plays]
[man 1] …flying through the air.
What's going on?
[woman] What? What is it?
-What are they looking at?
-[woman 2] Why aren't they listening?
[eerie crackling]
[indistinct chatter]
[man 2] Don't worry.
I'm sure the shepherd is here.
[Mr. Yang] Wait. what? What's going on?
Is there something there?
Huh? Where? What? Now…
No. no. no. you can't leave.
Stay here. Don't go out there. Hey. hey!
-Something weird's going on.
-Why are they leaving?
Don't draw attention!
Whatever this is. it's really strange.
[suspenseful music plays]
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
[dramatic music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[Ro-bin whimpers]
[squeaks]
[air rushes]
Chae-ni?
Sensei. is that you?
No matter what happens. I need you
to stay in here. Don't come out.
Got it?
Are you crazy?
What do you think you're doing
leaving us alone?
You have to protect us!
I'm trying. but to do that.
I have to go out there.
What can you do out there?
What can you do about a flying car?
Do you think you can protect us
with your forked tongue?
That's fair.
But it turns out my forked tongue
is useful for at least one thing.
If you don't stay here with us.
I'll divorce you.
You have to stay with us.
[music fades]
[gentle pop song plays]
No. honey! Don't go!
I love you so.
Moon Mi-hui.
Don't be an idiot!
[pop song continues]
[song fades]
Son Gyeong-hun!
What took you so long? Ugh!
I'll take the side with more people.
Help Kang Rob-in over there.
Someone needs to insult me.
if you don't mind.
Why are you still relying on insults
like a moron? Figure it out.
Find your strength on your own.
You'd be doing it already
if you weren't so stupid!
[Ro-bin snarls]
Over there!
[suspenseful music plays]
[gasps]
[Ro-bin yells]
[screams]
Not expecting that. huh?
[Gyeong-hun shrieks]
Oh. I'm scared!
[dramatic music plays]
[screaming]
[Mr. Yang yelps] Get back!
[grunts]
[men groan]
[yelps]
Hey! Get away!
[yelps] Wh… wh…
[yelps]
Oh. I didn't mean to!
Hey. I'm your father.
[yelps]
And I'm your mother. [grunts]
Whoa.
[laughs]
[Chae-ni] Agh!
Hi-yah!
[yelps] Whoa!
Oh. jeez.
[Ro-bin strains]
[breathes heavily]
I'm so sorry.
[grunts]
[gasps] Huh?
I'm. uh… I'm sorry. I…
[groans]
[Ro-bin coughing]
Help me. [panting]
Insult me. quick.
What?
Please hurry.
Hm. All right.
Well. how dare this bastard come in here
telling me what to do?
You stupid lunatic.
showing up out of nowhere.
You know what?
I should gouge your eyes out
and feed them back to you like jujubes.
I should suck the juice out of them
and spit 'em in your face.
You want me to smack you around?
You dirty little shit stain. You asswipe.
You remind me of dog puke.
Get the hell outta here!
[synth pop music plays]
[strains]
[man screams]
[yells]
[laughs]
[Ro-bin yells]
I'm back!
[Gyeong-hun] Beep beep! Honk honk!
[Gyeong-hun laughs]
Yang-soon loves you!
[Gyeong-hun] ♪ If you wanna roll around
Come with me ♪
See. isn't this great? [laughs]
This is so much fun!
Woo-hoo!
♪ If you wanna bounce around… ♪
[Ro-bin yelps] No. no. no!
[yelps] Beep beep!
Yang-soon loves you!
Not over here.
Hey. hold on!
[screams]
[Chae-ni screams]
[laughs] It's exciting. but also…
I mean. are you crazy?
You're totally insane!
[music stops]
[Ro-bin gasps]
[sighs]
[Ro-bin panting]
[Chae-ni] Whoa! Okay. good.
That was… really great.
It was.
-Really great.
-Ow.
-[both laugh]
-Mr. Son! Chae-ni! You're okay!
[dramatic music plays]
What?
What the hell
is happening right now?
Superheroes?
[Ro-bin laughs]
[inaudible speech]
[music fades]
[Gyeong-hun] Who's gonna
clean all this up?
[Chae-ni laughs]
What just happened? Is this real?
Or is it a setup. like some kind
of hidden camera thing for a TV show?
He was a special recruit. and now I know
it was for his superpowers all along.
I thought he couldn't possibly
get any hotter.
To think. he's even more wonderful
than I thought.
-[inhales] Un-jeong--
-[Mr. Yang] No!
[sighs]
[clamoring]
I just hit them like this.
and then ran out there. where you…
Huh?
[whimpers]
[groans]
Huh?
[tense music plays]
[Mr. Yang] Oh! Oh! That's not good.
-Go. run. run! Come on. run! Let's go!
-[Na-yeong squeals] Wait for me!
[metal rings]
[all sigh]
Aw. we have to start all over again?
[dramatic music plays]
They're under her control.
Unless we stop her. it won't end.
No. no. no.
We have to stop the fireworks first.
There's a fireworks show at 12:00.
and I think that's how
they're going to drug everyone.
There'll be a big countdown
with a huge crowd watching.
and then. all of a sudden.
at midnight. pow!
There's less than 30 minutes
until midnight.
So which one do we do?
Go find the mind-control lady.
or stop the fireworks?
Uh. I'm gonna go find the fireworks.
Ro-bin. you're with her. Son Gyeong-hun.
you look for the mind-control woman.
She'll be fairly close by.
Okay!
Uh. Come on. hurry. Let's go.
I'm… Spider-Man.
[grunts] I'm a zombie ghoul.
I'm Frankenstein.
I'm Dracula from Transylvania.
[Mi-hui] Oh! Oh my goodness. Oh!
Oh no. no. no. no. no. why?
[Mi-hui whimpers]
[Un-jeong] Hurry. Eun Chae-ni.
[tense music plays]
[Ro-bin gasps]
That's it. I'm sure.
-Chae-ni--
-These are the right trucks. Oh. shh…
All right.
[breathes heavily]
Shit.
[suspenseful music plays]
All right. here I go!
[Gyeong-hun screams]
[music fades]
Okay. what are these?
Are these the drugs? What's inside?
Are these the fireworks. or what?
Let's see.
-[man 1] Hey! What are you doing?
-[man 2] What are you doing in there?
-[man 1] Get out of there. It's dangerous.
-Yeah. yeah. give us a second.
Yeah. there's something flying up there.
[Ro-bin] Huh?
-Huh?
[fairground music plays]
[rumbling]
[Ro-bin gasps]
[music stops]
[Un-jeong strains]
[grunts]
[Gyeong-hun strains]
[laughs] Score!
[dramatic music plays]
[whimpers]
[grunts]
That's enough!
[music fades]
Cut that out.
Stop it. You're hurting people down there!
Just because you're in a cult
doesn't mean you get to be so violent.
Where does it say
you can hurt the innocent?
[Ju-ran] Listen to me--
[Gyeong-hun] Listen to me first.
you little shit! How dare you?
Even if you're the Wunderkinder
and we're defective. I know this is wrong!
How dare you use your superpowers
in such a destructive way?
[Ju-ran] Listen t--
Again! There you go again.
interrupting me.
A grown-up is talking to you. You can't
interrupt me. Who do you think you are?
Where'd you learn
such disrespectful behavior?
-[Ju-ran] Listen--
-I said stop it! Stop it or else!
What did all those people
ever do to deserve this?
Sure. let's say Sap and Train Wreck
deserve it. but do I. or Moon Mi-hui?
Does my daughter?!
Do any of those countless random people
deserve any of this?
What did they do to you
that makes this okay?
What? Anything?!
No one ever noticed the suffering
we went through when we were kids.
No one cared if we lived or died.
so I don't care either.
Doesn't matter to me.
You've never been scolded
by an adult before.
Well. you picked the wrong one
to mess with. Huh?
Better get ready.
I'm gonna teach you a lesson--
[yelps]
[Ho-ran breathes heavily]
You little…
[Gyeong-hun yelps]
[groans]
[panting]
[breathes heavily]
Ju-ran!
[high-pitched tone rings]
[weapons clatter]
[breathes heavily]
[sighs]
What happened? Are you okay?
[breathes heavily]
What do I do now. my shepherd?
What do you want of me?
Is there anything?
[metal rattles]
Your will shall be done. my Lord.
[Ho-ran] Ju-ran! Are you okay?
-Hm?
-[Ju-ran retches]
Why would you push yourself so hard?
You're the one who told us to be careful.
[somber music plays]
Pal-ho is dead.
[wheezes] And Father is too.
[Ju-ran sniffles]
Let's stop this. then. sister.
I don't wanna lose you too. Mm?
[pants]
I can't forgive them. though.
I won't rest until they're all dead.
I'll never leave you. Hmm?
Everyone we've ever loved
has been taken. Ho-ran.
Avenge us.
Kill them all.
Take everything they love.
[Ju-ran breathes shakily]
[haunting music plays]
Will you do that for me. Ho-ran?
[inhales sharply]
[music stops]
[cries]
[somber music plays]
-[Na-yeong whimpers]
-[Mr. Yang] Here they come!
-What's up? Are you okay?
-[woman] I'm not holding your hand.
[Mr. Yang] 'Cause earlier.
you weren't. but now…
They're okay. They're back to normal.
Oh goodness.
[exhales] Is it over yet?
[gasps]
[yells]
Are you hurt at all?
Just a bit tired.
[gentle music plays]
How did it go with the fireworks?
[sighs]
There's no stopping it now.
Eun Chae-ni?
[knife slices]
It's going to be beautiful.
To tell the truth.
I've never seen fireworks
in real life before either.
[ominous music plays]
[groans]
[gasps]
My final farewell to you.
[gentle ballad plays]
[radio host] All right. here we are.
There isn't much left of 1999.
Are you all spending the last few moments
of the 20th century with your loved ones?
There are only about five minutes left
until the new millennium begins.
I hope you're all surrounded
by the people you cherish
and who cherish you too
in these last few minutes of 1999.
Here is the last song I'll play
in the 20th century.
[knife slices]
[gasps]
[ominous music plays]
[sputters]
This is the price you pay
for our shepherd Pal-ho's blood.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[music fades]
[gasps]
[gentle ballad resumes]
Chae-ni!
I'm right here. Whoa! What?
[yelps]
What? You okay?
You sure you're not someone else?
Someone else? What do you mean?
I'm Chae-ni. like always.
What's the matter with you?
Look.
-[yelps]
-[Ro-bin yelps]
Chae-ni… is that you?
Oh!
Why am I over there?
Oh! Oh!
She got stabbed. didn't she?
Oh no!
Hm?
Who…?
[Ho-ran breathes shakily]
[gasps]
Keep breathing. Just stay with me.
You're gonna be okay.
Oh…
I'll be fine. Don't worry.
[haunting music plays]
Yeah.
[breathes shakily]
-[boy] Whoa!
-Wow! Look at that. Look.
[Un-jeong] You will. You haven't changed.
Fish!
-[Un-jeong] You always took care of us.
-Where'd they come from?
[Un-jeong] Me and all the other kids
in there too.
So cool.
I wish…
we'd been on the same side.
I wish it was all different.
No.
Ho-ran…
Ho-ran!
[breathes shakily]
[Chae-ni] Is she dead? Huh? Is she?
-She still has a pulse.
-[music fades]
Someone call an ambulance!
Damn it. I think I dropped my cell phone
somewhere. I'm sure I had it.
[Chae-ni] Ro-bin. let's move her inside.
Where did I have it?
Where are you going?
Come back!
Mi-hui. I told you to stay hidden
until it was safe.
Hon. what are you doing? I'm not…
[tense music plays]
Huh?
[jaunty fairground music plays]
THE JUDGE IS STANDING AT THE DOOR
JAMES 5:9
[music distorts]
[unsettling music plays]
[preacher] You people
won't be able to stop it.
[groans]
The divine prophecy is in its unfolding.
The apocalypse as was foretold.
where the non-believers
will be thrown into the fires of hell
when they die.
and those who believe
will gain eternal life as Wunderkinder.
[preacher laughs]
[gasps]
[wheezes]
[sighs]
[tense music plays]
So that's what they're exploding.
So it wasn't the fireworks?
[dramatic music plays]
[beeping]
[Ro-bin sighs]
I guess it's true.
We won't be able to stop it.
[Un-jeong breathes deeply]
[groans]
[Un-jeong groans]
Shit.
I said I wanted to live
to see the end of the world.
and it happened. I'm here.
[breathes deeply]
But unfortunately for you…
[music fades]
…I've changed my mind.
The apocalypse sucks.
Chae-ni. what does that mean?
You're making me nervous.
Ro-bin. get ready
to toss the two of us onto that thing.
Uh. why me?
I need something to hold on to.
Uh. just make sure I'm well attached.
then you can let go.
After that.
I'll jump the whole airship far away.
I don't know.
What if something goes wrong. though?
What's gonna happen?
You know if I die. it won't be for long.
Do you think you can't die?
How exactly do you think
you ended up with that heart?
If something ends up going wrong. it'll be
the only thing that's left of you.
That thing's rigged to explode. kid.
Time it wrong. and you'll get blown away.
And besides. what would Grandma say?
Nothing. 'cause I'm not gonna tell her.
You listen to me. Ro-bin.
You can't tell her either.
I won't be gone for long. anyway.
All right.
Take me with you. then.
We'll do it together.
You're really bleeding.
You'll end up slowing me down. Huh?
Anyway. you need to stay here.
And be ready to catch us when we fall.
You'll catch Mr. Son
when he lets go. then me.
Eun Chae-ni!
[sighs]
You know. I think it's possible.
I could die from that kinda height.
So you have to be here to catch my fall.
Imagine I die after I save the world.
That would be really silly. Right. Sensei?
I'm ready. Ro-bin. Throw us up there.
-[sputters]
-Hey. it's the only way!
[gentle music plays]
Hm.
[sighs]
I'm all set.
Why the hell not?
[rock music plays]
You look so pretty.
Let's go.
You know what. Ro-bin?
You're ugliest when you smile.
You know that?
[whimpers]
Chae-ni. I swear. if you die--
Quit crying. you weakling. and toss us!
Toss us. you weakling!
[moans]
King of the Saps!
[Chae-ni yells]
[both scream]
[dramatic music plays]
[Chae-ni and Gyeong-hun scream]
[Chae-ni squeals. laughs]
[Gyeong-hun] I want
Eun Chae-ni
to disappear
and to never return!
-Go!
-[Chae-ni] What?
Go on. climb up now.
Oh. go up a little further!
No. Go!
Ah. jeez!
Let me… Just a minute.
-[Gyeong-hun] Wait. ow!
-Stay stuck. I'm not done.
-Hold on!
-Go. go. go! Ow! That hurts!
-Just a sec. I'm just about there. Agh!
-Ow. hey. hey. hey. ow!
[both strain]
[Gyeong-hun] Pull harder!
-[grunts]
-[Chae-ni strains]
[Chae-ni groans]
All right. Son!
You should go. Let yourself fall now.
You were incredible today.
You should know that!
Kid.
you come back.
Honestly. I… couldn't take it if you don't
come back to us safe and sound.
[screams]
[whimpers]
[Gyeong-hun screams]
[Gyeong-hun wheezes]
[sniffles]
[breathes heavily]
[beeping]
[cries]
[gentle music plays]
[Chae-ni cries]
[exhales deeply]
[timer beeping]
[radio host] Okay. everybody.
we're down to the last few seconds.
It's almost time to start the countdown.
Here we go!
[dramatic music plays]
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
-Seven. Six.
-[crowd joins in]
[radio host] Five.
Four.
-Three.
-[exhales]
[radio host and crowd] Two. One!
[dramatic music builds]
[music stops]
-[gasps]
[sighs]
Eunie.
[firework squeals]
[gasps]
[fireworks explode]
[radio host] Happy New Year!
The year 2000.
A new millennium has finally begun!
[breathes shakily]
No.
It's not…
[screams] No!
[screams]
[gulps]
[somber music plays]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[woman 1 groans]
-Oh!
-[gasps]
[woman 2] Look! When did they start?
[cheering]
[Mi-hui] I should be
watching these with Cheong.
[applause]
[man cheers]
We stopped it.
[crowd cheering]
We did it.
I can't believe we did it.
When Chae-ni comes back.
don't drop her.
Just make sure you catch her.
Yes.
She should be back by now. right?
What did she do.
go to Canada again? [laughs awkwardly]
[Ro-bin laughs awkwardly]
I mean. even if she went past Canada.
all the way to the North Pole.
shouldn't she be back here already?
[sobs]
[Gyeong-hun] Shh!
I don't want to hear it.
[breathes heavily]
[trees rustle]
[Cheong] And so
the year 2000 began uneventfully.
The new millennium is finally here.
and although it began quietly.
we do have an unusual incident to report.
Last night. a powerful squall
interrupted the Millennium Festival
put on by the city of Haeseong-si.
The squall hit with such force…
My goodness. look at that.
What kind of squall flips cars over?
-Huh?
-[Gyeong-hun scoffs]
I'm disappointed
they had to cancel the parade. though.
At least we got
some great pictures of Cheong.
[Gyeong-hun] Don't you remember
what happened?
Are you telling me
you don't remember how I saved you?
How cool I was or anything?
I took you two
into the record store to hide.
then my friends and I saved everybody.
[scoffs] I'll never understand
why you make up such tall tales.
I mean. honestly.
Why not just say
you flew around wearing tights?
[scoffs] So pathetic.
[door closes]
-[Cheong] Hey. Dad.
-Huh?
-My lunch?
-[Gyeong-hun] You don't have it?
It… it's behind you. Right over there.
The one time I actually…
Okay. all set. Hm?
[Cheong] No one remembered
what happened on New Year's Eve.
[man] A squall?
-A squall blew over a car? You kidding?
-Yeah. I know. That's what I'm saying.
What's going on?
Why doesn't anyone remember?
Could it be…
Honey?
Mi-hui!
[Mi-hui] Honey!
Why are you just standing there?
[gasps]
[Gyeong-hun laughs]
-[groans]
-Honey. you're okay! It's all over.
[gentle music plays]
[cries]
I did it! I saved you and Cheong.
And everybody else too.
Why would you say that?
Where's Cheong anyway?
I'm looking for her.
Why don't you help me for once?
Cheong?
Where are you?
Listen. I saved you.
We… we saved everybody here.
All of Haeseong-si!
The apocalypse was coming.
and we stopped it! Remember?
[Cheong] For some reason.
the heroes of that night
disappeared from everyone's memories.
[Gyeong-hun] Why?!
Why are you looking at me like that?
For God's sake! This car's flipped
right over! You think wind did that?
[Cheong] All except
mine.
My sweet girl. have a good day today.
okay? See you after school.
-It was super cool. Dad.
-Hm.
Huh?
Okay. thanks. See you later.
[gentle music plays]
Thanks. my sweetheart.
HEARTY HOUSE
She went too far.
So it's taking her a long time.
but she'll come back.
My baby is on her way back right now.
Well.
I choose to think she…
she is.
[gasps]
[coughs]
[sniffles]
[cries]
FLORALA
Little shit.
[sighs]
[woman] They say you have to make a grave.
even if it's empty.
for someone who died away from home.
Otherwise. their ghost
will wander the netherworld.
[sniffs]
[music fades]
MEMORIAL TABLET
EUN CHAE-NI
[indistinct chatter]
Thank you. Enjoy.
Here you are. Enjoy. There.
[woman] This food's not even that great.
What kind of party is this?
Hey. use your manners in here.
[woman] Huh? What kind of service is that?
Sorry. We're giving everyone
generous portions. so it takes longer.
Come over here if you're that hungry.
I'll serve you right away.
[woman] By the way.
is this a 49-day service?
Did someone die. or what? Huh?
Who died?
You…
Eunie?
Is that you. Eunie?
Chae-ni!
Eun Chae-ni?
Oh God!
Oh. let me see.
[Chae-ni giggles]
Oh my God!
My goodness. Chae-ni!
[joyful clamoring]
My baby. my baby. my baby.
Look at you! [laughs]
Yeah. it took a while
to get back here. didn't it?
-Yeah.
-I mean. I tried to go as far as possible.
But I ended up in the middle of a desert
on the other side of the planet.
I guess it was too far. because I couldn't
jump back. and I didn't know where I was.
I had no money. no passport.
So it took forever to get anywhere.
I never stopped trying to get back though.
-[laughs]
-But seriously. who died?
-Everyone's here. I think.
-Oh!
-[Chae-ni] Who?
-No one is dead. [laughs]
No one died. No one at all. huh?
Oh my God. my baby didn't die!
[Ro-bin sobs]
[Jeon-bok laughs]
Oh. I love you. but let me go.
Seriously. I'm starving. Please. Okay?
Give me some food first.
-[gasps] My baby's hungry.
-Please.
Wait! How come
you're the only one who's not crying?
-Do you realize how sad we were?
-Jeez.
Well. I knew I wasn't dead. didn't I?
So what did I have to be sad about?
Besides missing all of you? Huh?
I don't know.
I guess you're right.
-[cries]
-[applause]
-Can you bring a wet towel or something?
-[Ro-bin] Yes! She's back!
You're freaking disgusting.
-[Ro-bin laughs]
-Yeah. totally. It's good to see you too.
-[yelps. groans]
-[laughs]
Eunie. Here's some food. baby.
Oh my goodness! [laughs]
The rice cakes are delicious.
[joyful music plays]
[music stops]
["Flip My World" plays]
[panting]
♪ Maybe it's only a dream ♪
♪ Everything I've ever known ♪
♪ Dancing with thoughts ♪
♪ I just can't lose… ♪
Aren't you glad to see me again. Sensei?
You're a little late. you know.
[chuckles]
It took me a while
to get good at being a stowaway.
Why?
You missed me. didn't you?
Uh…
It… was a relief not having
such a clingy girl hanging around.
Stay back.
[chuckles quietly]
Hey. You try not washing for three weeks.
I bet you'd smell worse than I do.
Go shower. And I'll see you later.
-[Un-jeong exhales]
-[chuckles]
This won't go away. even after you shower.
Oh yeah. It'll last all week.
Seriously…
I don't even like you. Eun Chae-ni.
♪ Flip my world… ♪
Yeah. right.
♪ We trip. we sing together ♪
♪ Life's meant ♪
♪ To be that way ♪
♪ Flip my world ♪
♪ We are together ♪
♪ Steal the moon ♪
♪ And keep it ♪
♪ Forever ♪
[chuckles]
[gentle music plays]
[rock music plays]
[Chae-ni] Some people are different.
Some of them are late bloomers.
And some
prefer to be outliers.
HAESEONG CITY HALL
But no matter what…
no one
is a nobody.
[intriguing music plays]
[music stops]
[birds chirp]
[gentle music plays]
[sighs]
[cries]
[sniffles]
[Mr. Yang] Hey. Is it done yet? Huh?
[Un-jeong] No. Just about done.
-[Mr. Yang] Bring me what you have so far.
-Okay. Here.
-Whoa!
-Not again.
For crying out loud.
why don't you go back to Seoul?
I don't know why you came back here.
To drive me crazy?
It's okay. I'll do it for you.
[giggles] Ow!
-[Mr. Yang] Fine. Just get it done.
-[Na-yeong giggles]
CHURCH OF ETERNAL SALVATION
[radio beeps]
Yes. sir. The entrances are blocked off.
The main gate and all the doors.
[man 1] Someone was injured here.
It looks like there's blood on the floor.
[mouse squeaks]
[man 2] Search every inch of this place.
Report to me if you find anything.
[man 3] Yes. sir.
[ominous music plays]
[eerie crackling]
[ominous music builds]
[intriguing music plays]
[gentle music plays]
[music fades]